The boss took the silver. You test silver.
Stop talking and follow me. Who are you?
Hi, I won't see you.
My guy. It's you who made me lose my money.
That little fellow. how?
After a few days, another one was replaced. Brother,
Let’s talk it over. Let’s talk it over again.
Do you know that person?
What about this one? Do you know it?
For this kind of person who pretends to be a scumbag,
Don't send it again. I think it's too cheap for him.
I suddenly remembered that he had tried to get rid of me when he kidnapped me.
Otherwise, he will always hold you in his hands.
good. Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Really not lying
They all contact me by phone
Can I start the call?
I also want to ask them if they want to disobey.